todo.md, before:

Minimum viable product:

- [x] Snowy tilemap environment

- [x] Top down movement and collision

- [x] Aiming and shooting snowballs

- [x] Connection menu

- [x] Peer to peer networking

- [x] World boundaries

- [x] Character legs and animation

- [x] Snowball particles

- [x] Player temperature gauge

- [x] Getting hit by snowball decreases temperature (and flashes player)

- [x] Snowballs cause knockback

- [x] Low temperature decreases health

- [x] Slippery ice floors

- [x] Pools of cold water that players can be knocked into and die quickly

- [x] When health depletes, player dies

- [ ] Player goes into spectator mode after dying

- [ ] Last player standing wins the game

- [ ] Fireplace that restores temperature

- [ ] Player list

- [ ] Full map (randomly generated?)

Bugs:

- [x] After failing to connect to server, client gets added to player list anyways.

Additional features:

- [ ] Text chat

- [ ] Settings menu to change game time

Commit message:

Fixed bugs with disconnecting server, pain flash, destroyed object packets. Changed to rpc_unreliable where practical.

todo.md, after:

Minimum viable product:

- [x] Snowy tilemap environment

- [x] Top down movement and collision

- [x] Aiming and shooting snowballs

- [x] Connection menu

- [x] Peer to peer networking

- [x] World boundaries

- [x] Character legs and animation

- [x] Snowball particles

- [x] Player temperature gauge

- [x] Getting hit by snowball decreases temperature (and flashes player)

- [x] Snowballs cause knockback

- [x] Low temperature decreases health

- [x] Slippery ice floors

- [x] Pools of cold water that players can be knocked into and die quickly

- [x] When health depletes, player dies

- [ ] Player goes into spectator mode after dying

- [ ] Last player standing wins the game

- [ ] Fireplace that restores temperature

- [ ] Player list

- [ ] Full map (randomly generated?)

Tweaks:

- [x] Replace rpc with rpc_unreliable to optimize

- [x] Make skeletons random rotation

- [x] Fix snowball packet not found error

- [x] Fix pain flash not playing

- [x] Exit from game when server disconnects

- [ ] Fix extraneous names on failed/severed connection (for future server)

Additional features:

- [ ] Text chat

- [ ] Settings menu to change game time
